---
tags:
  - "#review"
  - MATH117
---
*Key Concepts:*
___
- When composing the function $(f\circ g)(x)$, the resulting domain of the function is ==$S = (x\in D_{g(x)} \ni R_{g(x)}\subseteq D_{f(x)})$==, where $S$ is the set representing the ==domain of $g(x)$ that corresponds to the range of g(x) which is a subset or is equal to $D_{f(x)}$==
	- In other words, in order for the composite function to be valid, function $g(x)$ needs to output a range ==which complies with the domain of $f(x)$.==

- Graphically, $f^{-1}$ is the reflection of $f$ over the line ==$y = x$.==
	- Intuitively, this is similar to the [[The Transpose of a Matrix|Transpose]] in linear algebra.
	- Why? this is basically like ==switching the axis of the graph==, which is functionally equivalent to ==flipping the graph over the x = y axis== 
		- Think of it like flipping the graph, but not the axis themselves.

- When inverting a function, the ==domain and the range swap.== (Exer. H: Something about D and R)
	- A function is invertible (Meaning that its inverse is a function), if ==it passes the horizontal line test==
	- If the function passes ==both the HLT and VLT,== then it is ==one-to-one==, meaning each input has ==only one corresponding output==, and vice versa. 

- Function is even if ==$f(-x) = f(x)$==, and odd if ==$f(-x) = -f(x)$== **(Exer: Explain graphically)**
	- Even functions have ==axis== symmetry across ==$x = 0$==, whereas odd functions have ==$rotational== symmetry around the origin. **(Exer: Explain graphically)**

- A hyperbola has oblique asymptotes ==$y=k\pm(\frac{b}{a})(x-h)$==
	- What the hell?
	- #TODO Explain why this is true 

*Significant Theorems:*
___
- Any fcn who's ==domain is symmetric about x=0== can be expressed as the ==sum of an odd and even component.== [1]
	- As you can see, regardless of the sign of x, the first function will remain equivalent. On the other hand, the second function will become $\frac{1}{2}(f(-x)-f(x))$, or $\frac{-1}{2}(f(x)-f(-x))$: ==TY==
$$
\begin{align}
f(x) & = f(x)+\frac{1}{2}f(-x)-\frac{1}{2}f(-x)
\\
f(x) &= \frac{1}{2}f(x) + \frac{1}{2}f(-x)+ \frac{1}{2}f(x) - \frac{1}{2}f(-x)
\\
f(x) &= \frac{1}{2}(f(x) + f(-x)) + \frac{1}{2}(f(x)-f(-x))
\end{align}
$$
 

- Composing the inverse of a function: ==$f(f^{-1}) = x$, and $f^{-1}(f) = x$== **Exer: What is the algebraic theorem?**
	- Useful for checking the ==correctness of an inverse function.==
- $f(x) = y \iff f^{-1}(y) = x$
	- Useful for finding functions given two other functions.

*Respective Proofs*
___

*Terms and Definitions:
___

*Common Mistakes:*
___
